Add get_queue action for Sonos (#34459)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sonos.markdown

| `entity_id` | yes | String or list of `entity_id`s that will start playing. It must be the coordinator if targeting a group.
| `queue_position` | yes | Position of the song in the queue to start playing from, starts at 0.

### Action `sonos.get_queue`

Returns the media_players queue.

| Data attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `entity_id` | no | media_player entity id. |

> This example script, gets the queue, loops through in reverse order and removes media containing the words "holiday".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example script does the following: get the queue, loop through in reverse order, and remove media containing the words "holiday".
```
